So something that we can make here is for example the clear cut definition chirality to clear for from
localised storage.
Also So this is going to run this clear cut a function and right after we're going to have the method
clear from localised touch we're going to call these local storage.
This is going to execute this quarter and we're going to create a function clears the one local storage
function little local storage.
This is going to run local storage that the snow is going to be like this up in the application and
you can see that we have courses right here you don't need a car and you can see that everything is
gone.
Oh this is looking nice.
In the next video we're going to see how we can add something here and we can remove these from the
local store.
You can see when I remove these and the Ferlo the course is going to be also in the storage.
So we need to grade a function that is going to remove these from the storage.